Update how-to-set-up-a-multifunction-device-or-application-to-send-em… (#1808)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-Exchange: Exchange/ExchangeOnline/mail-flow-best-practices/how-to-set-up-a-multifunction-device-or-application-to-send-email-using-office-3.md

#### Requirements for SMTP AUTH client submission

> - **Authentication**: You must be able to configure a user name and password to send email on the device. Also, because basic authentication is required, you cannot use [Microsoft Security Defaults](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/fundamentals/concept-fundamentals-security-defaults), which can protect the rest of your users from compromise. For this reason, we are recommending Option #2 or #3 below, if at all possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Authentication**: You must be able to configure a user name and password to send email on the device. Also, because basic authentication is required, you cannot use [Microsoft Security Defaults](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/fundamentals/concept-fundamentals-security-defaults), which can protect the rest of your users from compromise. For this reason, we recommend Option #2 or #3 below, if at all possible.
```
